# tor-virtual-hotspot

This repo is the future home of Tor Virtual Hotspot after it has been cleaned up for public release. A hotspot lets you share your connection with people. Tor Virtual Hotspot are utilities and guides to simplify the creation of different virtual hotspots so you can share your connection as easily as possible. How people connect to your computer and how their traffic is routed to the public network is highly configurable with multiple options for different needs.

For example, authoritarian regimes like China great firewall blocks Tor, Web sites, etc. You can help people avoid censorship by being their 4th onion node, so the persons ISP does not know they are using Tor. Similar goal as snowflake or more similary to putting a VPN in front of Tor (except in this case YOU are the VPN service for your friend and the VPN exits over Tor/clearnet/vpn). In addition, you can provide a Tor remote proxy server for people that want to access the Tor network, but do not want to run Tor itself. And, for paranoid people you can provide a hidden onion service to said proxy server, so they can run tor-thru-tor (or tor-thru-vpn, etc). For people that want more than 3 hops, then tor-thru-tor enables that (the middle hop needs to be your friend or your own colocated server). Other configurations like connect via vpn and outgoing is tor routed is also supported.

You can also share VPN or clearnet connections it is not limited to Tor. For example, your friend in China cannot read accurate information about Tiananmen Square. VPNs are banned or also behind the great firewall. So, you can open up your connection and function as their VPN. This peer-to-peer approach versus big commercial VPN companies are much harder to monitor for China because instead of identifying a few commercial proxy / VPN IPs they have can only try to identify traffic patterns. VPN obfuscation can be used if necessary too. Of course traffic can be routed directly from the server / home connection providing a residential IP in another country for people who need it (or you can route it through another VPN / Tor, etc). For example, let your friend access your residential connection so they can access local banking when they are out of country.

To summarize, a virtual hotspot enables people to connect to a server via multiple nodes (tor-onion, proxy, vpn, etc) and where the data gets delivered via one of the configured outgoing modes (tor, vpn, clearnet, etc).


*** These guides turns your home connection into the equivalent of a Tor guard or exit node (depending on the config) with all the risks that entails. Being an exit-like node (one that does not route through another VPN or Tor itself) is probably risky in authoritarian countries. In that case you can configure a server hosted in a non-authoritarian country instead of using your residential connection. Most people will probably want the entry / exit traffic routed through Tor or a VPN if using their residential connection.

